==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.8
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.8 on
April 17th 2017. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.8/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

New Features
============

 |Percona XtraBackup| now uses hardware accelerated implementation of ``crc32``
 where it is supported.

 |Percona XtraBackup| has implemented new options:
 :option:`xtrabackup --tables-exclude` and
 :option:`xtrabackup --databases-exclude`
 that work similar to :option:`xtrabackup --tables` and
 :option:`xtrabackup --databases`
 options, but exclude given names/paths from backup.

 :ref:`xbstream_binary` now supports parallel extraction with the
 ``--parallel`` option.

 :ref:`xbstream_binary` now supports following new options: ``--decrypt``,
 ``--encrypt-threads``, ``--encrypt-key``, and ``--encrypt-key-file``.
 When ``--decrypt`` option is specified |xbstream| will automatically decrypt
 encrypted files when extracting input stream. Either ``--encrypt-key`` or
 ``--encrypt-key-file`` options must be specified to provide encryption key,
 but not both. Option ``--encrypt-threads`` specifies the number of worker
 threads doing the encryption, default is ``1``.

Bugs fixed
==========

 |xtrabackup| would not create fresh |InnoDB| redo logs when preparing
 incremental backup. Bug fixed :bug:`1669592`.

 :option:`xtrabackup --export` can now export tables that have more than 31
 index. Bug fixed :bug:`1089681`.

 ``Unrecognized character \x01; marked by <-- HERE`` message could be seen if
 backups were taken with the version check enabled. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1651978`.
