==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.9
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.9 on
July 24th 2017. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.9/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

New Features
============

 New :option:`xtrabackup --check-privileges` option has been implemented that
 can be used to check if |Percona XtraBackup| has all
 :ref:`required privileges <privileges>` to perform the backup.

Bugs fixed
==========

 |Percona XtraBackup| would crash when being prepared if the index compaction
 was enabled. Bug fixed :bug:`1192834`.

 Fixed build failure on *Debian Stretch* by adding support for building with
 *OpenSSL* 1.1. Bug fixed :bug:`1678947`.

 |xbstream| could run out of file descriptors while extracting the backup
 which contains many tables. Bug fixed :bug:`1690823`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| incorrectly determined use of ``master_auto_postion``
 on a slave, and thus generated invalid :file:`xtrabackup_slave_info` file.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1705193`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| would crash while backing up MariaDB 10.2.x with
 ``--ftwrl-*`` options. Bug fixed :bug:`1704636`.

 Along with :file:`xtrabackup_checkpints` file, |xtrabackup| now copies
 :file:`xtrabackup_info` file into directory specified by
 :option:`xtrabackup --extra-lsndir` option. Bug fixed :bug:`1600656`.

 GTID position was not recorded when :option:`xtrabackup --binlog-info` option
 was set to ``AUTO``. Bug fixed :bug:`1651505`.
