================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.3
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.3 on
December 17th 2015. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.3/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

Bugs fixed
================================================================================

Database directories were not removed if ``DROP DATABASE`` happened during the
backup. Bug fixed :bug:`1461735`.

Backup would fail if :ref:`storing_history` feature was enabled and backup was
taken from server without binary log enabled. Bug fixed :bug:`1509812`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now fails with descriptive error message if
:option:`xtrabackup --defaults-extra-file` is not specified first. Bug fixed
:bug:`1511451`.

Backup would fail if :option:`innobackupex --rsync` option was used without
specifying temporary folder. Bug fixed :bug:`1511701`.

Fixed |Percona XtraBackup| crash which happened when it was used for SST on
*MariaDB Galera Cluster* caused by double free of ``datadir`` variable.
Bug fixed :bug:`1512281`.

:option:`xtrabackup --move-back` did not respect the ``innodb_log_group_home_dir``
and ``innodb_data_home_dir`` options which caused ``ib_logfiles`` and
data files not to be moved to correct location. Bug fixed :bug:`1512616`.

:file:`xtrabackup_binlog_info` was not updated correctly when applying
incremental backups. Bug fixed :bug:`1523687`.

When using a :option:`xtrabackup --defaults-file` option, |Percona XtraBackup| would
complain about ``datadir`` being mismatched if it wasn't explicitly set
in the defaults file. Bug fixed :bug:`1508448`.

Fixed build issues by adding missing check in ``cmake`` script for ``xxd``
presence. Bug fixed :bug:`1511267`.

|Percona Xtrabackup| would terminate backup process without error if
:option:`xtrabackup --slave-info` option was used on a server not running as a
replication slave. Bug fixed :bug:`1513520`.

|innobackupex| when used with :option:`innobackupex --stream` option would
create an empty directory with a timestamp as a name. Bug fixed :bug:`1520569`.

Other bugs fixed :bug:`1523728` and :bug:`1507238`.
