============================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.5
============================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.5 on July
8th 2016. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.5/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

Bugs fixed
==========

 Backup process would fail if :option:`xtrabackup --throttle` option was used.
 Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-465`.

 :file:`.ibd` files for remote tablespaces were not copied back to original
 location pointed by the :file:`.isl` files. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-466`.

 When called with insufficient parameters, like specifying the empty
 :option:`xtrabackup --defaults-file` option, |Percona XtraBackup| could crash.
 Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-471`.

 Documentation states that the default value for
 :option:`xtrabackup --ftwrl-wait-query-type` is ``all``, however it was
 ``update``. Changed the default value to reflect the documentation. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-472`.

 Free Software Foundation address in copyright notices was outdated. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-663`.

 Backup process would fail if the ``datadir`` specified on the command-line was
 not the same as one that is reported by the server. |Percona XtraBackup| now
 allows the ``datadir`` from :file:`my.cnf` override the one from ``SHOW
 VARIABLES``. |xtrabackup| will print a warning that they don't match, but
 continue. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-741`.

 Backup process would fail on |MariaDB| if binary logs were in non-standard
 directory. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-936`.

 Output of :option:`xtrabackup --slave-info` option was missing an apostrophe.
 Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-940`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-759`.
