==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.7
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.7 on
February 22nd 2017. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.7/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

New Features
============

 |Percona XtraBackup| has implemented new
 :option:`xtrabackup --remove-original` option that can be used to remove the
 encrypted and compressed files once they've been decrypted/decompressed.

Bugs fixed
==========

 |xtrabackup| was using username set for server in a configuration file even if
 a different user was defined in the users configuration file. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1551706`.

 Incremental backups did not include :file:`xtrabackup_binlog_info` and
 :file:`xtrabackup_galera_info` files. Bug fixed :bug:`1643803`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| would fail to compile with ``-DWITH_DEBUG`` and
 ``-DWITH_SSL=system`` options. Bug fixed :bug:`1647551`.

 :option:`xtrabackup --move-back` did not always restore out-of-datadir
 tablespaces to their original directories. Bug fixed :bug:`1648322`.

 |innobackupex| and |xtrabackup| scripts were showing the password in the
 :program:`ps` output when it was passed as a command line argument. Bug fixed
 :bug:`907280`.

 Incremental backup would fail with path like ``~/backup/inc_1``
 because |xtrabackup| didn't properly expand tilde. Bug fixed :bug:`1642826`.

 Fixed missing dependency check for ``perl(Digest::MD5)`` in rpm packages. Bug
 fixed :bug:`1644018`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| now supports ``-H``, ``-h``, ``-u`` and ``-p`` shortcuts
 for ``--hostname``, ``--datadir``, ``--user`` and ``--password`` respectively.
 Bugs fixed :bug:`1655438` and :bug:`1652044`.

**[UPDATE 2016-02-28]:** New packages have been pushed to repositories with
incremented package version to address the bug :bug:`1667610`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1655278`.
