================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.2
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.2 on October
22nd 2015. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.3.2/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the first GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.3
series.

This release contains all the features and bug fixes in :doc:`Percona XtraBackup
2.2.13 </release-notes/2.2/2.2.13>`, plus the following:

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3 command line syntax has been changed to follow
`command-line-option guidelines
<http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/command-line-options.html>`_.

Bugs fixed
================================================================================

:ref:`xbcloud <xbcloud_binary>` contained password in the processlist which
would allow an unprivileged user privileged access to the swift service, and
more likely the entire OpenStack deploy for which keystone is providing the
identity service. Bug fixed :bug:`1447610`.

|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3 didn't set the ``wait_timeout`` session variable in
order to prevent server to kill the connection while it is copying data files.
Bug fixed :bug:`1495367`.

:ref:`xbcloud <xbcloud_binary>` would fail to create a container with ``error:
curl_easy_perform() failed: Failed sending data to the peer``. Bug fixed
:bug:`1500508`.

In some cases streaming backup could be corrupted due to a broken pipe error,
particularly if error occurred when |xtrabackup| copied set of tiny files
(:file:`*.frm` or similar), but |xtrabackup| would not notice it and complete
successfully. Bug fixed :bug:`1452387`.

|xtrabackup| 2.3 now adds timestamps to the ``STDERR`` output. Bug fixed
:bug:`1454692`.

Stream decryption would fail if the encryption options were in :file:`my.cnf`
configuration file because they were ignored by |innobackupex|. Bug fixed
:bug:`1190335`.

Fixed broken out-of-source tree builds in 2.3 trunk. Bug fixed :bug:`1457016`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports :option:`xtrabackup --datadir` as a command
line option. Bug fixed :bug:`1042887`.
