================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.1-beta1
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.3.1-beta1 on
May 20th 2015. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/TESTING/XtraBackup/xtrabackup-2.3.1beta1/>`_.
This **BETA** release, will be available in :ref:`Debian testing
<debian_testing>` and :ref:`CentOS testing <yum_testing>` repositories.

This is an **BETA** quality release and it is not intended for production. If
you want a high quality, Generally Available release, the current Stable version
should be used (currently 2.2.10 in the 2.2 series at the time of writing).

This release contains all of the features and bug fixes in :doc:`Percona
XtraBackup 2.2.10 </release-notes/2.2/2.2.10>`, plus the following:

New features
================================================================================

|innobackupex| script has been rewritten in C and it's set as the symlink for
|xtrabackup|. |innobackupex| still supports all features and syntax as 2.2
version did, but it is now deprecated and will be removed in next major
release. Syntax for new features will not be added to the |innobackupex|, only
to the |xtrabackup|. |xtrabackup| now also copies *MyISAM* tables and supports
every feature of |innobackupex|. Syntax for features previously unique to
|innobackupex| (option names and allowed values) remains the same for
|xtrabackup|.

|Percona XtraBackup| can now read swift parameters from a `[xbcloud]` section
from the :file:`.my.cnf` file in the users home directory or alternatively
from the global configuration file:`/etc/my.cnf`. This makes it more
convenient to use and avoids passing the sensitive data, such as
:option:`xbcloud --swift-key`, on the command line.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports different :ref:`authentication options
<swift_auth>` for Swift.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports partial download of the cloud backup.

Options: ``--lock-wait-query-type``, ``--lock-wait-threshold`` and
``--lock-wait-timeout`` have been renamed to :option:`innobackupex
--ftwrl-wait-query-type`, :option:`innobackupex --ftwrl-wait-threshold` and
:option:`innobackupex --ftwrl-wait-timeout` respectively.

Bugs fixed
================================================================================

|innobackupex| didn't work correctly when credentials were specified in
:file:`.mylogin.cnf`. Bug fixed :bug:`1388122`.

:option:`xtrabackup --decrypt` and :option:`xtrabackup --decompress` options
didn't work with |xtrabackup| binary. Bug fixed :bug:`1452307`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now executes an extra ``FLUSH TABLES`` before executing
``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK`` to potentially lower the impact from ``FLUSH
TABLES WITH READ LOCK``. Bug fixed :bug:`1277403`.

|innobackupex| didn't read user, password options from :file:`~/.my.cnf` file.
Bug fixed :bug:`1092235`.

|innobackupex| was always reporting the original version of the ``innobackup``
script from *InnoDB Hot Backup*. Bug fixed :bug:`1092380`.

