storage/innobase/xtrabackup/doc/source/installation.rst, before:

.. _installation:
.. _install:

===================================
Installing |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4
===================================

This page provides the information on how to install |Percona XtraBackup|.
Following options are available:

* :ref:`installing_from_binaries` (recommended)
* :ref:`installing_from_tarball`
* Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from Downloaded
  :ref:`rpm <standalone_rpm>` or :ref:`apt <standalone_deb>` packages
* :ref:`compiling_xtrabackup`

Before installing, you might want to read the :doc:`release-notes`.

.. _installing_from_binaries:

Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from Repositories
=================================================

|Percona| provides repositories for :program:`yum` (``RPM`` packages for
*Red Hat*, *CentOS* and *Amazon Linux AMI*) and :program:`apt` (:file:`.deb`
packages for *Ubuntu* and *Debian*) for software such as |Percona Server|,
|Percona XtraBackup|, and *Percona Toolkit*. This makes it easy to install and
update your software and its dependencies through your operating system's
package manager. This is the recommended way of installing |Percona XtraBackup|.

The following guides describe the installation process for using the official
Percona repositories for :file:`.deb` and :file:`.rpm` packages.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   installation/apt_repo
   installation/yum_repo
   installation/docker

.. note::

   For experimental migrations from earlier database server versions,
   you will need to backup and restore using XtraBackup 2.4 and
   then use ``mysql_upgrade`` from MySQL 8.0.x

   .. seealso::

      Supported MySQL and Percona Server for MySQL versions in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4 and 8.0
         :ref:`intro`

.. _installing_from_tarball:

Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from a Binary Tarball
=====================================================

Binary tarballs are available for download and installation.

.. tabularcolumns:: |p{5cm}|p{5cm}|p{11cm}|

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Type
     - Name
     - Description
   * - Full
     - percona-xtrabackup-<version number>-Linux.x86_64.glibc2.12.tar.gz
     - Contains binaries, libraries, test files, and debug symbols
   * - Minimal
     - percona-xtrabackup-<version number>-Linux.x86_64.glibc2.12-minimal.tar.gz
     - Contains binaries, and libraries but does not include test files, or debug symbols

Select the |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4 version number and the type of tarball for your installation. Both binary tarballs support all distributions.

Fetch and extract the correct binary tarball. For example, the following downloads the full tarball:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ wget https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4/LATEST/percona-xtrabackup-2.4.20-Linux.x86_64.glibc2.12.tar.gz

Compiling and Installing from Source Code
=========================================

|Percona XtraBackup| is open source and the code is available on
`Github <https://github.com/percona/percona-xtrabackup>`_. The following guide
describes the compiling and installation process from source code.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   installation/compiling_xtrabackup

.. _pxb.installing/docker-container.running:

Running |Percona XtraBackup| in a Docker container
================================================================================

Docker images of |Percona XtraBackup| |version| are hosted publicly on Docker
Hub at https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster/.

For more information about how to use |docker|, see the `Docker Docs`_.

.. _`Docker Docs`: https://docs.docker.com/

.. note:: Make sure that you are using the latest version of Docker.
   The ones provided via ``apt`` and ``yum``
   may be outdated and cause errors.

.. note:: By default, Docker will pull the image from Docker Hub
   if it is not available locally.

The following procedure describes ...

.. include:: _res/replace/proper.txt

Commit message:

PXB-2369 Issues with "Installing" page in XtraBackup documentation
modified:   source/installation.rst

storage/innobase/xtrabackup/doc/source/installation.rst, after:

.. _installation:
.. _install:

===================================
Installing |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4
===================================

This page provides the information on how to install |Percona XtraBackup|.
Following options are available:

* :ref:`installing_from_binaries` (recommended)
* :ref:`installing_from_tarball`
* Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from Downloaded
  :ref:`rpm <standalone_rpm>` or :ref:`apt <standalone_deb>` packages
* :ref:`compiling_xtrabackup`

Before installing, you might want to read the :doc:`release-notes`.

.. _installing_from_binaries:

Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from Repositories
=================================================

|Percona| provides repositories for :program:`yum` (``RPM`` packages for
*Red Hat*, *CentOS* and *Amazon Linux AMI*) and :program:`apt` (:file:`.deb`
packages for *Ubuntu* and *Debian*) for software such as |Percona Server|,
|Percona XtraBackup|, and *Percona Toolkit*. This makes it easy to install and
update your software and its dependencies through your operating system's
package manager. This is the recommended way of installing |Percona XtraBackup|.

The following guides describe the installation process for using the official
Percona repositories for :file:`.deb` and :file:`.rpm` packages.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   installation/apt_repo
   installation/yum_repo
   installation/docker

.. note::

   For experimental migrations from earlier database server versions,
   you will need to backup and restore using XtraBackup 2.4 and
   then use ``mysql_upgrade`` from MySQL 8.0.x

   .. seealso::

      Supported MySQL and Percona Server for MySQL versions in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4 and 8.0
         :ref:`intro`

.. _installing_from_tarball:

Installing |Percona XtraBackup| from a Binary Tarball
=====================================================

Binary tarballs are available for `download <https://www.percona.com/downloads>`_ and installation. The following table lists the tarballs available in ``Linux - Generic``. Select the |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4 version number and the type of tarball for your installation. Both binary tarballs support all distributions.

.. tabularcolumns:: |p{5cm}|p{5cm}|p{11cm}|

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Type
     - Name
     - Description
   * - Full
     - percona-xtrabackup-<version number>-Linux.x86_64.glibc2.12.tar.gz
     - Contains binaries, libraries, test files, and debug symbols
   * - Minimal
     - percona-xtrabackup-<version number>-Linux.x86_64.glibc2.12-minimal.tar.gz
     - Contains binaries, and libraries but does not include test files, or debug symbols

Fetch and extract the correct binary tarball. For example, the following downloads the full tarball for version 2.4.21:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ wget https://downloads.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4.21/binary/tarball/percona-xtrabackup-2.4.21-Linux-x86_64.glibc2.12.tar.gz

  $ tar xvf percona-xtrabackup-2.4.21-Linux-x86_64.glibc2.12.tar.gz

Compiling and Installing from Source Code
=========================================

|Percona XtraBackup| is open source and the code is available on
`Github <https://github.com/percona/percona-xtrabackup>`_. The following guide
describes the compiling and installation process from source code.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   installation/compiling_xtrabackup

.. _pxb.installing/docker-container.running:

Running |Percona XtraBackup| in a Docker container
================================================================================

Docker images of |Percona XtraBackup| |version| are hosted publicly on Docker
Hub at https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster/.

For more information about how to use |docker|, see the `Docker Docs`_.

.. _`Docker Docs`: https://docs.docker.com/

.. note:: Make sure that you are using the latest version of Docker.
   The ones provided via ``apt`` and ``yum``
   may be outdated and cause errors.

.. note:: By default, Docker will pull the image from Docker Hub
   if it is not available locally.

The following procedure describes ...

.. include:: _res/replace/proper.txt
