================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.5 
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.5 on
September 19th 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.1.5/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.1
series.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports new form of incremental backups for |Percona
Server| 5.6 that uses `Log Archiving for XtraDB
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/log_archiving.html>`_
feature.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports new ``--version-check`` option. When
specified, |innobackupex| will perform a version check against the server on the
backup stage after creating a server connection.


Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| did not close temporary files created when preparing a
compact backup, which would lead to excessive disk space usage until the prepare
process finished. Bug fixed :bug:`1111380`.

Depending on the subroutine |innobackupex| could sometimes leave the child
processes running in case of the error. |innobackupex| now makes sure that all
child processes are killed if an error occurs in the script. Bug fixed
:bug:`1135441`.
 
The 5.6-based binary ( ``xtrabackup_56``), which is used to backup both |MySQL|
5.6 and |Percona Server| 5.6 servers, did not support Percona Server-specific
``innodb_log_block_size`` option in Percona Server 5.6.11+ and would fail
when trying to backup a server with a non-default
``innodb_log_block_size`` value. Bug fixed :bug:`1194828`.

|Percona XtraBackup| would stop in case log block numbers had to wrap around,
which only happens once per 1 GB of log writes, and the wrap-around point was
between the last checkpoint and the current log tail at the time the backup
starts. Bug fixed :bug:`1206309`.
 
``xtrabackup_56`` binary would fail to create a suspend file, which would result
in an error. Bug fixed :bug:`1210266`.

Regression was introduced in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4 which lead to ``cp``
utility being used to copy metadata files even if the :option:`innobackupex
--rsync` option was used. Bug fixed :bug:`1211263`.

Other bugs fixed: bug fixed :bug:`1214272`, bug fixed :bug:`1214730`, bug fixed
:bug:`1213102`, bug fixed :bug:`1213036`, bug fixed :bug:`1204045`, bug fixed
:bug:`1154476`, bug fixed :bug:`1195402`, bug fixed :bug:`1195055`.
