================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.6 
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.6 on
November 25th 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.1.6/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.1
series.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports logs created with the new log block checksums
option `innodb_log_checksum_algorithm
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/scalability/innodb_io.html#innodb_log_checksum_algorithm>`_
in |Percona Server| 5.6

New :option:`innobackupex --force-non-empty-directories` option has been
implemented. When specified, it makes :option:`innobackupex --copy-back` option
or :option:`innobackupex --move-back` option transfer files to non-empty
directories. No existing files will be overwritten. If :option:`innobackupex
--copy-back` or :option:`innobackupex --move-back` has to copy a file from the
backup directory which already exists in the destination directory, it will
still fail with an error.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

:option:`innobackupex --copy-back` would fail if ``innodb_data_home_dir``
is empty. Bug fixed :bug:`1049291`.

A fixed initialization vector (constant string) was used while encrypting the
data. This opened the encrypted stream/data to plaintext attacks among
others. Bug fixed :bug:`1185343`.

The option ``--version-check`` is now on by default. Bug fixed :bug:`1227988`.

:file:`xtrabackup_slave_info` didn't contain any ``GTID`` information, which
could cause ``master_auto_position`` not to work properly. Bug fixed
:bug:`1239670`.

``xtrabackup_56`` was using ``CRC32`` as the default checksum algorithm. This
could cause error if the `innodb_checksum_algorithm
<http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/innodb-parameters.html#sysvar_innodb_checksum_algorithm>`_
value was changed to ``strict_innodb`` value after a restore. Bug fixed
:bug:`1247586`.

``xtrabackup_56`` binary didn't store the server's `innodb_checksum_algorithm
<http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/innodb-parameters.html#sysvar_innodb_checksum_algorithm>`_
value to :file:`backup-my.cnf`. This value is needed because it affects the
on-disk data format. Bug fixed :bug:`1248065`.

Since Version Check is enabled by default in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.6, new
:option:`innobackupex --no-version-check` option has been introduced to disable
it. Bug fixed :bug:`1248900`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports absolute paths in
``innodb_data_file_path`` variable. Bug fixed :bug:`382742`.

|innobackupex| wasn't able to perform backups to the ``NFS`` mount in some
``NFS`` configurations, because it was trying to preserve file ownership. Bug
fixed :bug:`943750`.

|Percona XtraBackup| wouldn't back up the empty directory created with ``mkdir``
(i.e. ``test``) outside of the server which could lead to inconsistencies during
the |Percona XtraDB Cluster| State Snapshot Transfer. Bug fixed :bug:`1217426`.

If the `innodb_log_arch_dir
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/log_archiving.html#innodb_log_arch_dir>`_
variable was specified in the |Percona Server| configuration file :file:`my.cnf`
|Percona XtraBackup| was unable to perform the backup. Bug fixed :bug:`1227240`.

Race condition in ``start_query_killer`` child code could cause parent |MySQL|
connection to close. Bug fixed :bug:`1239728`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1248488`, :bug:`1247057`, :bug:`1250738`, :bug:`1214274`.
