================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.9 
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.9 on May
7th 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.1.9/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.1
series.

New Features
================================================================================
 
|Percona XtraBackup| has now been rebased on |MySQL| 5.6.17.
 
|Percona XtraBackup| package is now available for *Ubuntu* 14.04.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| couldn't be built with *Bison* 3.0. Bug fixed
:bug:`1262439`.

The xtrabackup binaries now recognize a new :file:`my.cnf` option,
``open_files_limit``. The effect is the same as for the server: it changes
the maximum number of file descriptors available to the xtrabackup process. The
actual limit depends on the platform and ``ulimit`` settings. Bug fixed
:bug:`1183793`.

If a remote |InnoDB| tablespace got CREATEd or ALTERed during the backup, an
attempt to prepare such a backup later would lead to |Percona XtraBackup|
crash. Bug fixed :bug:`1291299`.

Code in both |innobackupex| and |xtrabackup|, that was supposed to make sure no
child processes are left running in case |innobackupex| got killed or failed
with an error, relied on the fact the ``SIGTERM`` and ``SIGINT`` signals were
not blocked by the xtrabackup process. However, both ``SIGTERM`` and ``SIGINT``
might be blocked by the process that had invoked |innobackupex|, for example, by
the |Percona XtraDB Cluster| server processes doing an SST, in which case they
were also blocked by the xtrabackup process, since the signal mask is inherited
by child processes. Fixed by replacing ``SIGTERM`` in |innobackupex| and
``SIGINT`` in |xtrabackup| auto-termination with ``SIGKILL``. Bug fixed
:bug:`1294782`.

A new table flag in the |InnoDB| data dictionary, introduced in |MySQL| 5.6.16,
wasn't recognized by |Percona XtraBackup| which lead to ``InnoDB: in InnoDB data
dictionary has unknown flags 50.`` warnings. Fixed by rebasing |Percona
XtraBackup| on |MySQL| 5.6.17. Bug fixed :bug:`1302882`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.1.9 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.1.9>` at Launchpad.
