================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.1
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.1
on May 15th 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.1.1/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

This release is the first GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.1 series.

New features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| now has support for :ref:`compact_backups_ibk`. This
feature can be used for taking the backups that will take less amount of disk
space. GA release now contains new :option:`innobackupex --rebuild-threads` that
can be used to specify the number of threads started by XtraBackup when
rebuilding secondary indexes on ``innobackupex --apply-log
--rebuild-indexes``. This allows parallel processing of individual tables when
rebuilding the index.
 
|Percona XtraBackup| has implemented :ref:`encrypted_backups_ibk`. This feature
can be used to encrypt/decrypt both local and streamed backups in order to add
another layer of protection to the backups.

|innobackupex| now uses Perl's ``DBD::MySQL`` package for server communication
instead of spawning the mysql command line client.

Support for |InnoDB| 5.0 and |InnoDB| 5.1 builtin has been removed from |Percona
XtraBackup|.

After being deprecated in previous version, option ``--remote-host`` has
been completely removed in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.

|Percona XtraBackup| can use `XtraDB changed page tracking
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.5/management/changed_page_tracking.html>`_
feature to perform the :ref:`xb_incremental` now.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|innobackupex| is using ``SHOW MASTER STATUS`` to obtain binlog file and
position. This could trigger a bug if the server being backed up was standalone
server (neither master nor slave in replication) and binlog information wasn't
available. Fixed by not creating :file:`xtrabackup_binlog_info` file when binlog
isn't available. Bug fixed :bug:`1168513`.

|Percona XtraBackup| would leave ``xbtemp`` temp files behind due to a typo. Bug
fixed :bug:`1172016`.

|Percona XtraBackup| would assume the table has been dropped if the tablespace
was renamed after it was scanned by |XtraBackup| on startup and before
|XtraBackup| attempted to copy it. Bug fixed :bug:`1079700`.

Orphaned ``xtrabackup_pid`` file left inside tmpdir could cause `SST
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-xtradb-cluster/manual/state_snapshot_transfer.html>`_
to fail. Fixed by fix checking if ``xtrabackup_pid`` file exists once
|innobackupex| starts, and try to remove it or fail if it cannot be removed. Bug
fixed :bug:`1175860`.

:option:`xtrabackup --stats` option would not work with server :term:`datadir`
if the server isn't running and logs were in a separate directory. Bug fixed
:bug:`1174314`.

Other bugs fixed: bug fixed :bug:`1166713`, bug fixed :bug:`1175581`, bug fixed
:bug:`1175318`, bug fixed :bug:`1175309`, bug fixed :bug:`1176198`, bug fixed
:bug:`1175566`.
