=======================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.0-beta1
=======================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.0-beta1 on April 22nd 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here <http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.1.0/>`_. For this BETA release, we will not be making APT and YUM repositories available, just base deb and RPM packages

This is an *BETA* quality release and is not intended for production. If you want a high quality, Generally Available release, the current Stable version should be used (currently 2.0.6 in the 2.0 series at the time of writing).

This release contains all of the features and bug fixes in :doc:`Percona XtraBackup 2.0.6 </release-notes/2.0/2.0.6>`, plus the following:

New features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has implemented basic support for |MySQL| 5.6, |Percona Server| 5.6 and *MariaDB* 10.0. Basic support means that these versions are are recognized by |XtraBackup|, and that backup/restore works as long as no 5.6-specific features are used (such as ``GTID``, remote/transportable tablespaces, separate undo tablespace, 5.6-style buffer pool dump files).

 |Percona XtraBackup| can use `XtraDB changed page tracking <http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.5/management/changed_page_tracking.html>`_ feature to perform the :ref:`xb_incremental` now.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 Fixed couple of warnings found in |innobackupex| when all warnings have been made ``FATAL``. Bug fixed :bug:`1116177`.

 |innobackupex| is using ``SHOW MASTER STATUS`` to obtain binlog file and position. This could trigger a bug if the server being backed up was standalone server (neither master nor slave in replication) and binlog information wasn't available. Fixed by not creating :file:`xtrabackup_binlog_info` file when binlog isn't available. Bug fixed :bug:`1168513`.

 Fixed the typo in the |innobackupex| error output. Bug fixed :bug:`1157225`.

 Redundant code has been removed from ``xtrabackup.cc``. Bug fixed :bug:`1162765`.

Other bugs fixed: bug fixed :bug:`1158154`, bug fixed :bug:`1166713`.
