================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4 
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4 on August
8th 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.1.4/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| has introduced :ref:`additional options <improved_ftwrl>`
to handle the locking during the ``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK``. These options
can be used to minimize the amount of the time when |MySQL| operates in the
read-only mode.

|Percona XtraBackup| has now been rebased on |MySQL| versions 5.1.70, 5.5.30,
5.6.11 and |Percona Server| versions 5.1.70-rel14.8 and 5.5.31-rel30.3 server
versions.

In order to speed up the backup process, slave thread is not stopped during
copying non-InnoDB data when :option:`innobackupex --no-lock` option is used as
using this option requires absence of ``DDL`` or ``DML`` to non-transaction
tables during backup.

Source tarball (and Debian source) now include all |MySQL| source trees required
for the build. This means internet connection during package build isn't
required anymore.

Two new options options, :option:`innobackupex --decrypt` and
:option:`innobackupex --decompress`, have been implemented to make
:ref:`decryption <encrypted_backups_ibk>` and :ref:`decompression
<recipes_ibkx_compressed>` process more user friendly.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

There were no 2.1.x release packages available for *Ubuntu Raring*. Bug fixed
:bug:`1199257`.

During the backup process loading tablespaces was started before the log
copying, this could lead to a race between the datafiles state in the resulting
backup and xtrabackup_logfile. Tablespace created at a sensitive time would be
missing in both the backup itself and as the corresponding log record in
:file:`xtrabackup_logfile`, so it would not be created on :option:`innobackupex
--apply-log` either. Bug fixed :bug:`1177206`.

Fixed the ``libssl.so.6`` dependency issues in binary tarballs releases. Bug
fixed :bug:`1172916`.

|innobackupex| did not encrypt non-InnoDB files when doing local
(i.e. non-streaming) backups. Bug fixed :bug:`1160778`.

Difference in behavior between |InnoDB| 5.5 and 5.6 codebases in cases when a
newly created tablespace has uninitialized first page at the time when |Percona
XtraBackup| opens it while creating a list of tablespaces to backup would cause
assertion error. Bug fixed :bug:`1187071`.

**xbcrypt** could sometimes fail when reading encrypted stream from a pipe or
network. Bug fixed :bug:`1190610`.

|innobackupex| could not prepare the backup if there was no
:file:`xtrabackup_binary` file in the backup directory and the xtrabackup binary
was not specified explicitly with :option:`innobackupex --ibbackup` option. Bug
fixed :bug:`1199190`.

Debug builds would fail due to compiler errors on *Ubuntu* Quantal/Raring
builds. Fixed compiler warnings by backporting the corresponding changes from
upstream. Bug fixed :bug:`1192454`.

|innobackupex| would terminate with an error if :option:`innobackupex
--safe-slave-backup` option was used for backing up the master server. Bug fixed
:bug:`1190716`.

Under some circumstances |Percona XtraBackup| could fail on a backup prepare
with ``innodb_flush_method=O_DIRECT`` when ``XFS`` filesystem was being
used. Bug fixed :bug:`1190779`.

|Percona XtraBackup| didn't recognize checkpoint ``#0`` as a valid checkpoint on
:option:`xtrabackup --prepare` which would cause an error. Bug fixed
:bug:`1196475`.

|Percona XtraBackup| didn't recognize the ``O_DIRECT_NO_FSYNC`` value for
``innodb_flush_method`` which was introduced in |MySQL| 5.6.7. Fixed by
adding the value to the list of supported values for
``innodb_flush_method`` in ``xtrabackup_56``. Bug fixed :bug:`1206363`.

|innobackupex| would terminate if :option:`innobackupex --galera-info` option
was specified when backing up non-galera server. Bug fixed :bug:`1192347`.

Other bug fixes: bug fixed :bug:`1097434`, bug fixed :bug:`1201599`, bug fixed
:bug:`1198220`, bug fixed :bug:`1097444`, bug fixed :bug:`1042796`, bug fixed
:bug:`1204463`, bug fixed :bug:`1197644`, bug fixed :bug:`1197249`, bug fixed
:bug:`1196894`, bug fixed :bug:`1194813`, bug fixed :bug:`1183500`, bug fixed
:bug:`1181432`, bug fixed :bug:`1201686`, bug fixed :bug:`1182995`, bug fixed
:bug:`1204085`, bug fixed :bug:`1204083`, bug fixed :bug:`1204075`, bug fixed
:bug:`1203672`, bug fixed :bug:`1190876`, bug fixed :bug:`1194879`, bug fixed
:bug:`1194837`.

Known Issues
================================================================================

Backups of |MySQL| / |Percona Server| 5.6 versions prior to 5.6.11 cannot be
prepared with |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4. Until the upstream bug
:mysqlbug:`69780` is fixed and merged into |Percona XtraBackup|, |Percona
XtraBackup| 2.1.3 should be used to prepare and restore such backups. This issue
is reported as bug :bug:`1203669`.
