===============================================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4 [not yet released]
===============================================


New Features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has introduced additional options to handle the locking during the ``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK``. These options can be used to minimize the amount of the time when |MySQL| operates in the read-only mode.

 |Percona XtraBackup| has now been rebased on |MySQL| versions 5.1.70, 5.5.30, 5.6.11 and |Percona Server| versions 5.1.70-rel14.8 and 5.5.31-rel30.3 server versions.

 In order to speed up the backup process, slave thread is not stopped during copying non-InnoDB data when :option:`innobackupex --no-lock` option is used as using this option requires absence of ``DDL`` or ``DML`` to non-transaction tables during backup.

 Source tarball (and Debian source) now include all |MySQL| source trees required for the build. This means internet connection during package build isn't required anymore.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 During the backup process loading tablespaces was started before the log copying, this could lead to a race between the datafiles state in the resulting backup and xtrabackup_logfile. Tablespace created at a sensitive time would be missing in both the backup itself and as the corresponding log record in :file:`xtrabackup_logfile`, so it would not be created on :option:`innobackupex --apply-log` either. Bug fixed :bug:`1177206`.

 Difference in behavior between |InnoDB| 5.5 and 5.6 codebases in cases when a newly created tablespace has uninitialized first page at the time when |XtraBackup| opens it while creating a list of tablespaces to backup would cause assertion error. Bug fixed :bug:`1187071`. 

 **xbcrypt** could sometimes fail when reading encrypted stream from a pipe or network. Bug fixed :bug:`1190610`.

 |innobackupex| could not prepare the backup if there was no :file:`xtrabackup_binary` file in the backup directory and the xtrabackup binary was not specified explicitly with :option:`innobackupex --ibbackup` option. Bug fixed :bug:`1199190`.

 |innobackupex| would terminate with an error if :option:`innobackupex --safe-slave-backup` option was used for backing up the master server. Bug fixed :bug:`1190716`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| didn't recognize checkpoint ``#0`` as a valid checkpoint on :option:`xtrabackup --prepare` which would cause an error. Bug fixed :bug:`1196475`.
 
 |innobackupex| would terminate if :option:`innobackupex --galera-info` option was specified when backing up non-galera server. Bug fixed :bug:`1192347`.
 
Other bug fixes: bug fixed :bug:`1097434`, bug fixed :bug:`1201599`, bug fixed :bug:`1198220`, bug fixed :bug:`1097444`, bug fixed :bug:`1042796`, bug fixed :bug:`1204463`, bug fixed :bug:`1197644`, bug fixed :bug:`1197249`, bug fixed :bug:`1196894`, bug fixed :bug:`1194813`, bug fixed :bug:`1183500`, bug fixed :bug:`1181432`, bug fixed :bug:`1201686`, bug fixed :bug:`1182995`.

Known Issues
------------

 Backups of |MySQL| / |Percona Server| 5.6 versions prior to 5.6.11 cannot be prepared with |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.4. Until the upstream bug :mysqlbug:`69780` is fixed and merged into |Percona XtraBackup|, |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.3 should be used to prepare and restore such backups. This issue is reported as bug :bug:`1203669`.
