============================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.3
============================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.3
on May 23rd 2016. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/>`_ and from :ref:`apt
<apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4
series.

New features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has implemented new
 :option:`xtrabackup --reencrypt-for-server-id` option. Using this option
 allows users to start the server instance with different ``server_id``
 from the one the encrypted backup was taken from, like a replication slave
 or a galera node. When this option is used, |xtrabackup| will, as a prepare
 step, generate a new master key with ID based on the new ``server_id``,
 store it into keyring file and re-encrypt the tablespace keys inside of
 tablespace headers.


Bugs Fixed
----------

 Running DDL statements on |Percona Server| 5.7 during the backup process
 could in some cases lead to failure while preparing the backup. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1555626`.

 |MySQL| 5.7 can sometimes skip redo logging when creating an index. If such
 ``ALTER TABLE`` is being issued during the backup, the backup would be
 inconsistent. |xtrabackup| will now abort with error message if such ``ALTER
 TABLE`` has been done during the backup. Bug fixed :bug:`1582345`.

 :file:`.ibd` files for remote tablespaces were not copied back to original
 location pointed by the :file:`.isl` files. Bug fixed :bug:`1555423`.

 When called with insufficient parameters, like specifying the empty
 :option:`xtrabackup --defaults-file` option, |Percona XtraBackup| could crash.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1566228`.

 Documentation states that the default value for
 :option:`xtrabackup --ftwrl-wait-query-type` is ``all``, however it was
 ``update``. Changed the default value to reflect the documentation. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1566315`.

 When :option:`xtrabackup --keyring-file-data` option was specified, but no
 keyring file was found, |xtrabackup| would create an empty one instead of
 reporting an error. Bug fixed :bug:`1578607`.

 If ``ALTER INSTANCE ROTATE INNODB MASTER KEY`` was run at same time when
 :option:`xtrabackup --backup` was bootstrapping it could catch a moment when
 the key was not written into the keyring file yet and |xtrabackup| would
 overwrite the keyring with the old copy of a keyring, so the new key would be
 lost. Bug fixed :bug:`1582601`.

 Output of :option:`xtrabackup --slave-info` option was missing an apostrophe.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1573371`.



