============================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.4
============================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.4
on July 25th 2016. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/>`_ and from :ref:`apt
<apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4
series.

New features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has been rebased on |MySQL| 5.7.13.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 |Percona XtraBackup| reported the difference in the actual size of the system
 tablespace and the size which was stored in the tablespace header. This check
 is now skipped for tablespaces with autoextend support. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1550322`.

 Because |Percona Server| 5.5 and |MySQL| 5.6 store the LSN offset for large
 log files at different places inside the redo log header, |Percona Xtrabackup|
 was trying to guess which offset is better to use by trying to read from each
 one and compare the log block numbers and assert ``lsn_chosen == 1`` when both
 LSNs looked correct, but they were different. Fixed by improving the server
 detection. Bug fixed :bug:`1568009`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| didn't correctly detect when tables were both compressed
 and encrypted. Bug fixed :bug:`1582130`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| would crash if the keyring file was empty. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1590351`.

 Backup couldn't be prepared when the size in cache didn't match the physical
 size. Bug fixed :bug:`1604299`.

 Free Software Foundation address in copyright notices was outdated. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1222777`.

 Backup process would fail if the ``datadir`` specified on the command-line was
 not the same as one that is reported by the server. |Percona XtraBackup| now
 allows the ``datadir`` from :file:`my.cnf` override the one from ``SHOW
 VARIABLES``. |xtrabackup| will print a warning that they don't match, but
 continue. Bug fixed :bug:`1526467`.

 With upstream change of maximum page size from 16K to 64K, the size of
 incremental buffer became 1G. Which increased the requirement to 1G of RAM in
 order to prepare the backup. While in fact there is no need to allocate such
 a large buffer for smaller pages. Bug fixed :bug:`1582456`.

 Backup process would fail on |MariaDB| Galera cluster operating in GTID mode
 if binary logs were in non-standard directory. Bug fixed :bug:`1517629`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1583717`, :bug:`1583954`, and :bug:`1599397`.

