.. _2-4-5:

==========================
*Percona XtraBackup* 2.4.5
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of *Percona XtraBackup* 2.4.5
on November 29th 2016. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/>`_ and from :ref:`apt
<apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4
series.

New features
------------

 *Percona XtraBackup* now supports ``SHA256`` passwords. Using the ``SHA256``
 algorithm requires either SSL encrypted connection, or using public
 key encryption for password exchange which is only available when both
 client and server are linked with OpenSSL.

 *Percona XtraBackup* now supports `Command Options for Secure Connections
 <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/secure-connection-options.html#option_general_ssl-ca>`_.

 **NOTE:** Due to xbcrypt format changes, backups encrypted with this
 *Percona XtraBackup* version will not be recoverable by older versions.
 

Bugs Fixed
----------

 *Percona XtraBackup* would crash while preparing the backup, during the
 shutdown, when master thread was performing checkpoint and purge thread was
 expecting that all other threads completed or were idle. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-483`.

 Safe slave backup algorithm performed too short delays between retries which
 could cause backups to fail on a busy servers. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-484`.

 *Percona XtraBackup* didn't check the logblock checksums. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-485`.

 Fixed new compilation warnings with GCC 6. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-487`.

 xbcrypt was not setting the Initialization Vector (IV) correctly (and thus
 is was not using an IV). This was causing the same ciphertext to be generated
 across different runs (for the same message/same key). The IV provides the
 extra randomness to ensure that the same ciphertext is not generated across
 runs. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-490`.
     
 ``target-dir`` was no longer relative to current directory but to ``datadir``
 instead. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-760`.

 Backup would still succeed even if *xtrabackup* would fail to write the
 metadata. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-763`.

 *xbcloud* now supports EMC ECS Swift API Authorization requests. Bugs fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-769` and :jirabug:`PXB-770` (*Txomin Barturen*).

 Some older versions of *MySQL* did not bother to initialize page type
 field for pages which are not index pages (see upstream :mysqlbug:`76262` for
 more information). Having this page type uninitialized could cause
 *xtrabackup* to crash on prepare. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-772`.

 *Percona XtraBackup* would fail to backup *MariaDB* 10.2 with the
 ``unsupported server version`` error message. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1027`.

 Fixed misleading error message about missing metadata. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-752`.

 Backing up with an SSL user didn't work correctly. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-750`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-486`, :jirabug:`PXB-771`, :jirabug:`PXB-773`, and
:jirabug:`PXB-774`.

