===========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.10
===========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.10 on
March 30, 2018. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4.10/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is based on `MySQL 5.7.19
<http://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/mysql/5.7/en/news-5-7-19.html>`_
and is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4 series.

Starting from now, |Percona XtraBackup| issue tracking system was moved from
launchpad to `JIRA <https://jira.percona.com/projects/PXB>`_.
All Percona software is open-source and free.

Bugs fixed
==========

* xbcrypt with ``--encrypt-key-file`` option was failing due to regression
  in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.9. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-518`.

* Simultaneous usage of both ``--lock-ddl`` and ``--lock-ddl-per-table`` options caused
  |Percona XtraBackup| lock with the backup process never completed. Bug fixed
  :jirabug:`PXB-792`.

* Compilation under Mac OS X was broken. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-796`.

* A regression of the maximum number of pending reads and the unnoticed earlier
  possibility of a pending reads related deadlock caused |Percona XtraBackup|
  to stuck in prepare stage. Bug fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-1467`.

* |Percona XtraBackup| skipped tablespaces with corrupted first page instead of
  aborting the backup. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1497`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-513`.
