================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| |release|
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| |release| on
|date|. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4.15/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories. 

All Percona software is open-source and free.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

- When the *encrypted tablespaces* feature was enabled, encrypted and compressed
  tables were not usable on the joiner node (Percona XtraDB Cluster) via SST
  (State Snapshot Transfer) with the ``xtrabackup-v2`` method. Bug fixed
  :jirabug:`PXB-1867`.
- ``xbcloud`` did not update date related fields of the HTTP
  header when retrying a request. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1874`.
- ``xbcloud`` did not retry to send the request after receiving the HTTP 408
  error (request timeout). Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1875`.
- If the user tried to merge an already prepared incremental backup, a
  misleading error was produced without informing that incremental backups may
  not be used twice. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1862`.
- ``xbcloud`` could crash with the `Swift` storage when project options were
  not included. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1844`.
- ``xtrabackup`` did not accept decimal fractions as values of the
  ``innodb_max_dirty_pages_pct`` option. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1807`.

**Other bugs fixed**:
:jirabug:`PXB-1850`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1879`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1887`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1888`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1890`.

.. |release| replace:: 2.4.15
.. |date| replace:: July 10, 2019
