==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.8
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.4.8 on
July 24th 2017. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4.8/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4
series.

New Features
============

 To avoid issues with |MySQL| 5.7 skipping redo log for DDL |Percona
 XtraBackup| has implemented three new options
 (:option:`xtrabackup --lock-ddl`,
 :option:`xtrabackup --lock-ddl-timeout`,
 :option:`xtrabackup --lock-ddl-per-table`) that can be used to place MDL locks
 on tables while they are copied.

 New :option:`xtrabackup --check-privileges` option has been implemented that
 can be used to check if |Percona XtraBackup| has all
 :ref:`required privileges <privileges>` to perform the backup.

Bugs fixed
==========

 |xtrabackup| would hang with ``Waiting for master thread to be
 suspended`` message when backup was being prepared. Bug fixed :bug:`1671437`.

 |xtrabackup| would fail to prepare the backup with ``6th page is not
 initialized`` message in case server didn't properly initialize the page. Bug
 fixed :bug:`1671722`.

 |xbstream| could run out of file descriptors while extracting the backup
 which contains many tables. Bug fixed :bug:`1690823`

 When a table was created with the ``DATA DIRECTORY`` option |xtrabackup| would
 back up the ``.frm`` and ``.isl`` files, but not the ``.ibd`` file. Due to the
 missing ``.ibd`` files backup then could not be restored. Bug fixed
 :bug:`1701736`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| incorrectly determined use of ``master_auto_postion``
 on a slave, and thus generated invalid :file:`xtrabackup_slave_info` file.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1705193`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| will now print a warning if it encounters unsupported
 storage engine. Bug fixed :bug:`1394493`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| would crash while backing up MariaDB 10.2.x with
 ``--ftwrl-*`` options. Bug fixed :bug:`1704636`.

 :option:`xtrabackup --slave-info` didn't write the correct information into
 :file:`xtrabackup_slave_info` file when multi-source replication was used.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1551634`.

 Along with :file:`xtrabackup_checkpints` file, |xtrabackup| now copies
 :file:`xtrabackup_info` file into directory specified by
 :option:`xtrabackup --extra-lsndir` option. Bug fixed :bug:`1600656`.

 GTID position was not recorded when :option:`xtrabackup --binlog-info` option
 was set to ``AUTO``. Bug fixed :bug:`1651505`.
