.. _2-4-6:

==========================
*Percona XtraBackup* 2.4.6
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of *Percona XtraBackup* 2.4.6
on February 22nd 2017. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/>`_ and from :ref:`apt
<apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.4
series.

New features
------------

 *Percona XtraBackup* has implemented new
 `xtrabackup --remove-original` option that can be used to remove the
 encrypted and compressed files once they've been decrypted/decompressed.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 *xtrabackup* was using username set for server in a configuration file even if
 a different user was defined in the users configuration file. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-463`.

 Incremental backups did not include `xtrabackup_binlog_info` and
 `xtrabackup_galera_info` files. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-489`.

 In case a warning was written to stout instead of stderr during the streaming
 backup, it could cause assertion in the xbstream. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-491`.

 `xtrabackup --move-back` did not always restore out-of-datadir
 tablespaces to their original directories. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-492`.

 innobackupex and *xtrabackup* scripts were showing the password in the
 `ps` output when it was passed as a command line argument. Bug fixed
 :jirabug:`PXB-585`

 Incremental backup would fail with path like ``~/backup/inc_1``
 because *xtrabackup* didn't properly expand tilde. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-775`.

 Fixed missing dependency check for ``perl(Digest::MD5)`` in rpm packages. Bug
 fixed :jirabug:`PXB-777`.

 *Percona XtraBackup* now supports ``-H``, ``-h``, ``-u`` and ``-p`` shortcuts
 for ``--hostname``, ``--datadir``, ``--user`` and ``--password`` respectively.
 Bugs fixed :jirabug:`PXB-947` and :jirabug:`PXB-1032`.

**[UPDATE 2016-02-28]:** New packages have been pushed to repositories with
incremented package version to address the bug :jirabug:`PXB-497`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-945`.

