================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| |release|
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| |release| on
|date|. Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-2.4.13/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

All Percona software is open-source and free.

Improvements and New Features
================================================================================

- :jirabug:`PXB-1548`: |Percona Xtrabackup| enables updating the
  ib_buffer_pool file with the latest pages present in the buffer pool
  by setting the :option:`xtrabackup --dump-innodb-buffer-pool` option to
  `ON`. Thanks to Marcelo Altmann for contribution.

Bus Fixed
================================================================================

- ``xtrabackup`` did not delete missing tables from the partial backup which led to error messages logged by the server on startup. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1536`.
- The ``--history`` option did not work when autocommit was disabled. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1569`.
- ``xtrabackup`` could fail to backup encrypted tablespace when it was recently created or altered. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1648`.
- When the ``--throttle`` option was used, the applied value was different from the one specified by the user (off by one error). Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1668`.
- It was not allowed for MTS (multi-threaded slaves)  without GTID to be backed up with ``--safe-slave-backup``. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1672`.
- |Percona Xtrabackup| could crash when the ``ALTER TABLE … TRUNCATE PARTITION`` command was run during a backup without locking DDL. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1679`.
- ``xbcrypt`` could display an assertion failure and generated core if the required parameters are missing. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1683`.
- Using ``--lock-ddl-per-table`` caused the server to scan all records of partitioned tables which could lead to the "out of memory" error. Bugs fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1691` and :jirabug:`PXB-1698`.
- `xtrabackup --prepare` could hang while performing insert buffer merge. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1704`.
- Incremental backups did not update ``xtrabackup_binlog_info`` with ``--binlog-info=lockless``. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1711`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-1570`, :jirabug:`PXB-1609`, :jirabug:`PXB-1632`

.. |release| replace:: 2.4.13
.. |date| replace:: January 18, 2018
