================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.0.6
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of Percona XtraBackup 2.0.6 on March
20, 2013. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.0.6/>`_ and
:doc:`Percona Software Repositories </installation>`.

This release is the current GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.0
series.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| has implemented basic support for |MySQL| 5.6, |Percona
Server| 5.6 and *MariaDB* 10.0. Basic support means that these versions are are
recognized by |Percona XtraBackup|, and that backup/restore works as long as no
5.6-specific features are used (such as ``GTID``, remote/transportable
tablespaces, separate undo tablespace, 5.6-style buffer pool dump files).

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

Individual *InnoDB* tablespaces with size less than 1MB were extended to 1MB on
the backup prepare operation. This led to a large increase in disk usage in
cases when there are many small *InnoDB* tablespaces. Bug fixed :bug:`950334`
(*Daniel Frett*, *Alexey Kopytov*).

Fixed the issue that caused databases corresponding to inaccessible
:term:`datadir` subdirectories to be ignored by |Percona XtraBackup| without
warning or error messages. This was happening because |InnoDB| code silently
ignored :term:`datadir` subdirectories it could not open. Bug fixed
:bug:`664986` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Under some circumstances |Percona XtraBackup| could fail to copy a tablespace
with a high :option:`xtrabackup --parallel` option value and a low
``innodb_open_files`` value. Bug fixed :bug:`870119` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Fix for the bug :bug:`711166` introduced a regression that caused individual
partition backups to fail when used with :option:`innobackupex --include` option in
|innobackupex| or the :option:`xtrabackup --tables` option in xtrabackup. Bug fixed
:bug:`1130627` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

|innobackupex| didn't add the ``file-per-table`` setting for
table-independent backups. Fixed by making |Percona XtraBackup| auto-enable
``innodb_file_per_table`` when the :option:`innobackupex --export` option is used. Bug
fixed :bug:`930062` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Under some circumstances |Percona XtraBackup| could fail on a backup prepare
with ``innodb_flush_method=O_DIRECT``. Bug fixed :bug:`1055547` (*Alexey
Kopytov*).

|innobackupex| did not pass the :option:`innobackupex --tmpdir` option to the
xtrabackup binary resulting in the server's ``tmpdir`` always being used for
temporary files. Bug fixed :bug:`1085099` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

|Percona XtraBackup| has improved the error reporting for unrecognized server
versions. Bug fixed :bug:`1087219` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Fixed the missing ``rpm`` dependency for Perl ``Time::HiRes`` package that
caused |innobackupex| to fail on minimal CentOS installations. Bug fixed
:bug:`1121573` (*Alexey Bychko*).

|innobackupex| would fail when :option:`innobackupex --no-lock` and
:option:`innobackupex --rsync` were used in conjunction. Bug fixed
:bug:`1123335` (*Sergei Glushchenko*).

Fix for the bug :bug:`1055989` introduced a regression that caused
:file:`xtrabackup_pid` file to remain in the temporary dir after execution. Bug
fixed :bug:`1114955` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Unnecessary debug messages have been removed from the |Percona XtraBackup|
output. Bug fixed :bug:`1131084` (*Alexey Kopytov*).

Other bug fixes: bug fixed :bug:`1153334` (*Alexey Kopytov*), bug fixed
:bug:`1098498` (*Laurynas Biveinis*), bug fixed :bug:`1132763` (*Laurynas
Biveinis*), bug fixed :bug:`1142229` (*Laurynas Biveinis*), bug fixed
:bug:`1130581` (*Laurynas Biveinis*).
