================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.10
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.10 on
March 31st 2015. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.2.10/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

Decrypting backup with the wrong key would make the backup unusable and
unrecoverable. |innobackupex| doesn't automatically delete the :file:`*.qp` and
:file:`.xbcrypt` files anymore, after :option:`innobackupex --decrypt` and
:option:`innobackupex --decompress` are used. Bug fixed :bug:`1413044`.

`XtraDB Changed Page Tracking
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/changed_page_tracking.html>`_
wasn't working with |innobackupex|. Bug fixed :bug:`1436793`.

Fixed |Percona XtraBackup| assertion caused by dirty pages remaining in the
buffer pool after the log was fully applied. Bug fixed :bug:`1368846`.

Backup will not be prepared and |innobackupex| will stop with an error if the
transaction log file is corrupted and it wasn't applied to the intended LSN.
Previously this was showing only as a warning. Bug fixed :bug:`1414221`.

New status ``log-applied`` is introduced for backup prepared with
:option:`innobackupex --redo-only` to avoid making the backup unusable by
preparing full or incremental backup without :option:`innobackupex --redo-only`
and then applying next incremental on top of it. Incremental backup now can be
applied only to backup in ``log-applied`` state, but not to ``full-prepared`` as
it was earlier. Bug fixed :bug:`1436790`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.10 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.10>`_ at Launchpad.
Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
