============================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.5
============================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.5 on October 2nd 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here <http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.5/>`_ and from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories. 

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

New Features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has been rebased on |MySQL| 5.6.21.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 The fix for bug :jirabug:`PXB-54` introduced a problem for users with huge numbers of |InnoDB| tablespaces, and the workaround of raising the open files limits didn't work in all cases due to a limitation in the Linux kernel. A new :option:`innobackupex --close-files` option has been implemented to close the file handles once they are no longer accessed. **NOTE:** Using this option may result in a broken backup if DDL is performed on |InnoDB| tables during the backup procedure. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-384`.

 Fix for bug :jirabug:`PXB-382` introduced a regression in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.0 which caused |Percona XtraBackup| to fail to copy redo logs in random cases. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-160`.

 :option:`innobackupex --galera-info` didn't copy the last binlog file when it was taking a backup from server where `backup locks <http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/backup_locks.html>`_ are supported. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-412`.

 |xtrabackup| binary would accept arguments that were not options, which could lead to unexpected results. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-697`.

 If |innobackupex| is run against |MySQL| 5.1 with built-in InnoDB, it will now suggest using |Percona XtraBackup| 2.0 or upgrading to InnoDB plugin, rather than just failing with the generic ``unsupported server version`` message. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-918`.

 Using the (deprecated) ``log`` parameter in mysqld section would cause backups to fail. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-919`. 

 |Percona XtraBackup| now uses |MySQL| code to get the stack trace in case |Percona XtraBackup| crashes with a segmentation fault or an assertion failure. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-101`.

 Attempt to use any of the following options without the :option:`innobackupex --incremental` option now fails with an error message rather than creates a full backup: :option:`innobackupex --incremental-lsn`, :option:`innobackupex --incremental-basedir`, :option:`innobackupex --incremental-history-name`, :option:`innobackupex --incremental-history-uuid`. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1005`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-698`, :jirabug:`PXB-699`, :jirabug:`PXB-701`, :jirabug:`PXB-702`, :jirabug:`PXB-705`, :jirabug:`PXB-706`, and :jirabug:`PXB-904`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the release can be found in the `2.2.5 milestone <https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.5>`_ at Launchpad.


