============================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.4
============================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.4 on September 12th 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here <http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.4/>`_ and from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories. 

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

New Features
------------

 |Percona XtraBackup| has implemented support for Galera GTID autorecovery. |Percona XtraBackup| retrieves the GTID information, after backing up a server with `backup locks <http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/backup_locks.html>`_ support, from the |InnoDB| trx header on recovery and creates the :file:`xtrabackup_galera_info` during that stage.   

Bugs Fixed
----------

 |Percona XtraBackup| is now built with system ``zlib`` library instead of the older bundled one. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-352`.

 ``apt-get source`` was downloading older version of |Percona XtraBackup|. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-693`. 

 |innobackupex| would ignore the :option:`innobackupex --databases` without :option:`innobackupex --stream` option and back up all the databases. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-4`.

 ``rsync`` package wasn't a dependency although it is required for the :option:`innobackupex --rsync` option. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-395`.
 
 :option:`innobackupex --galera-info` was checking only for non-capitalized wsrep_* status variables which was incompatible with *MariaDB Galera Cluster* 10.0. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-404`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| now supports *MariaDB* GTID. Bugs fixed :jirabug:`PXB-409` and :jirabug:`PXB-407` (*Nirbhay Choubey*).

 |Percona XtraBackup| would crash trying to remove absent table from |InnoDB| data dictionary while preparing a partial backup. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-410`.

 *MariaDB* 10.1 is now added to the list of supported servers. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-411`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| would fail to restore (copy-back) tables that have partitions with their own tablespace location. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-688`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`PXB-916`, :jirabug:`PXB-914`, and :jirabug:`PXB-881`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the release can be found in the `2.2.4 milestone <https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.4>`_ at Launchpad.


