==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.7
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.7 on
December 10th 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.7/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

Bugs Fixed
----------

* Non-default value for `innodb_log_block_size
  <http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/scalability/innodb_io.html#innodb_log_block_size>`_
  variable would cause assertion when preparing the backup. Bug fixed
  :bug:`1391216`.

* When |Percona XtraBackup| would run ``FLUSH ENGINE LOGS`` during the backup
  process on GTID master, command was recorded to the slave's binary log as
  well, which lead to inconsistency between master and slave. Fixed by adding
  the ``NO_WRITE_TO_BINLOG`` clause to ``FLUSH ENGINE LOGS`` to avoid
  interfering with binary log and inconsistency with coordinates. Bug fixed
  :bug:`1394632`.

* Exporting tables was inefficient when backup contained a large (and
  unrelated) change buffer. Bug fixed :bug:`1366065` (*Davi Arnaut*).

* |innobackupex| was printing the GTID even if the GTID mode was disabled which
  could cause confusion since it wasn't incrementing. Now it prints only GTID
  when GITD mode is enabled and when GTID mode is disabled it prints only
  filename and position. |innobackupex| still prints GTID, filename and
  positions if *MariaDB* server is being backed up. Bug fixed :bug:`1391041`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1386157`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.7 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.7>`_ at Launchpad.
Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
