================================================================================
 |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.9
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.9 on
February 17th 2015. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.2.9/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| was vulnerable to MITM attack which could allow
exfiltration of MySQL configuration information via the ``--version-check``
option. This vulnerability was logged as `CVE 2015-1027
<http://www.cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=2015-1027>`_. Bug fixed
:bug:`1408375`.

:file:`xtrabackup_galera_info` isn't overwritten during the Galera
auto-recovery. Bug fixed :bug:`1418584`.

|Percona XtraBackup| man pages are now included with binary packages. Bug fixed
:bug:`1156209`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now sets the maximum supported session value for
``lock_wait_timeout`` to prevent unnecessary timeouts when the global
value is changed from the default. Bug fixed :bug:`1410339`.

New option :option:`innobackupex --backup-locks`, enabled by default, has been
implemented to control if `backup locks
<http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/backup_locks.html>`_
will be used even if they are supported by the server. To disable backup locks
|innobackupex| should be run with :option:`innobackupex --no-backup-locks`
option. Bug fixed :bug:`1418820`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.9 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.9>`_ at Launchpad.
Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
