================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.11
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.11 on May
28th 2015. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.2.11/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| has been rebased on |MySQL| 5.6.24.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

Version check would crash |innobackupex| and abort the backup on *CentOS* 5.
Bug fixed :bug:`1255451`.

|Percona XtraBackup| could crash when preparing the backup taken on
|MySQL|/|Percona Server| 5.5 if there were open temporary tables during the
backup. Bug fixed :bug:`1399471` (*Fungo Wang*).

|Percona XtraBackup| would fail to prepare the backup if the
:file:`xtrabackup_logfile` was lager than 512GB. Bug fixed :bug:`1425269`.

Fix for bug :bug:`1403237` was incomplete, due to setting wrong offset, last
copied batch of log records was copied from wrong location. Bug fixed
:bug:`1448447`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now executes an extra ``FLUSH TABLES`` before executing
``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK`` to potentially lower the impact from ``FLUSH
TABLES WITH READ LOCK``. Bug fixed :bug:`1277403`.

Regression introduced by fixing :bug:`1436793` in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.10
caused an error when taking an incremental backup from *MariaDB* 10. Bug fixed
:bug:`1444541`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now prints and stores the file based binlog coordinates in
:file:`xtrabackup_binlog_info` even though GTID is enabled. Bug fixed
:bug:`1449834`.

|Percona XtraBackup| doesn't print warnings anymore during the prepare phase
about missing tables when a filtering option (:option:`xtrabackup --databases`,
:option:`xtrabackup --tables`, etc.) is provided. Bug fixed :bug:`1454815`
(*Davi Arnaut*).

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1415191`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.11 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.11>`_ at Launchpad.
Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
