================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.6
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.6 on
November 3rd 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.6/>`_ and from :ref:`apt
<apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| now reads server options from ``SHOW VARIABLES`` rather
than :file:`my.cnf` configuration file.

|Percona XtraBackup| now has more verbose output during initial table scan (it
will now print a diagnostic message before performing a tablespace scan, which
may take a long time on systems with large numbers of tablespaces) and before
starting a backup/apply-log/copy-back operation in innobackupex (it will now
print a diagnostic message with a timestamp to make it easier for users to get
duration of the operation.)

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|innobackupex| didn't take the default datadir, which caused backups to fail
if the datadir wasn't specified in the :file:`my.cnf` configuration file. Bug
fixed :bug:`936934`.

|innobackupex| will now fail with an error when
:option:`innobackupex --slave-info` is used on  a multi-threaded non-GTID
slave, because ``Exec_Master_Log_Pos`` cannot be trusted for a multi-threaded
slave. Bug fixed :bug:`1372679`.

|InnoDB| log scanning failure (bug :mysqlbug:`60788`) would cause backups to
fail. Fixed by porting the fix from |MySQL| 5.7. Bug fixed :bug:`1375383`.

Options :option:`innobackupex --apply-log` and
:option:`innobackupex --decompress` weren't marked as mutually exclusive, ie.
if they were both specified, only :option:`innobackupex --decompress` would
work, which could lead to |MySQL| instance being started with an unprepared
backup. Fixed by making mutually exclusive categories of options: 1.
:option:`innobackupex --decompress`, :option:`innobackupex --decrypt`; 2.
:option:`innobackupex --copy-back`; 3. :option:`innobackupex --move-back`;
4. :option:`innobackupex --apply-log`. Bug fixed :bug:`1376874`.

|innobackupex| wasn't creating directories specified in
``innodb_data_home_dir`` and ``innodb_log_group_home_dir`` when
:option:`innobackupex --copy-back` option was used. Bug fixed :bug:`1382347`.

|Percona XtraBackup| now supports all option modifiers supported by upstream
MySQL: skip, disable, enable, maximum, loose. Bug fixed :bug:`664128`.

|Percona Xtrabackup| would fail to perform a full backup on |Percona Server|
5.5 if ``innodb_log_file_size`` variable wasn't set in the ``[mysqld]``
section of :file:`my.cnf`. Bug fixed :bug:`1334062`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1379905`, :bug:`1386013`, :bug:`1072695`,
:bug:`1375241`, :bug:`1182841`, and :bug:`1343722`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.6 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.6>`_ at Launchpad.
Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
