================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.2-beta1
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.2-beta1 on
May 8th 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.2/>`_. This **BETA** release
will be available in :ref:`Debian experimental <debian_testing>` and
:ref:`CentOS testing <yum_testing>` repositories.

This is a **BETA** quality release and it is not intended for production. If
you want a high quality, Generally Available release, the current Stable
version should be used (currently 2.1.9 in the 2.1 series at the time of
writing).

New Features
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| has now been rebased on |MySQL| 5.6.17.

|Percona XtraBackup| package is now available for *Ubuntu* 14.04.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

|Percona XtraBackup| couldn't be built with *Bison* 3.0. Bug fixed
:bug:`1262439`.

The |xtrabackup| binaries now recognize a new :file:`my.cnf` option,
``open_files_limit``. The effect is the same as for the server: it
changes the maximum number of file descriptors available to the xtrabackup
process. The actual limit depends on the platform and ``ulimit`` settings.
Bug fixed :bug:`1183793`.

If a remote |InnoDB| tablespace got CREATEd or ALTERed during the backup, an
attempt to prepare such a backup later would lead to |Percona XtraBackup|
crash. Bug fixed :bug:`1291299`.

Code in both |innobackupex| and |xtrabackup|, that was supposed to make sure
no child processes are left running in case |innobackupex| got killed or
failed with an error, relied on the fact the ``SIGTERM`` and ``SIGINT``
signals were not blocked by the xtrabackup process. However, both ``SIGTERM``
and ``SIGINT`` might be blocked by the process that had invoked
|innobackupex|, for example, by the |Percona XtraDB Cluster| server processes
doing an SST, in which case they were also blocked by the xtrabackup process,
since the signal mask is inherited by child processes. Fixed by replacing
``SIGTERM`` in |innobackupex| and ``SIGINT`` in |xtrabackup| auto-termination
with ``SIGKILL``. Bug fixed :bug:`1294782`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.2-beta1 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.2-beta1>`_ at
Launchpad.
