================================================================================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.13
================================================================================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.13 on
October 22nd 2015. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/XtraBackup-2.2.13/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the current stable release in the 2.2 series.

.. note::

   Package name has been changed from ``percona-xtrabackup`` to
   ``percona-xtrabackup-22`` (``percona-xtrabackup`` now points to the latest
   GA release 2.3.2).

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

Improved the detection when the log block that has the different number from
what is expected, was caused by log block not being flushed to position
xtrabackup is reading from or if it was caused by using incorrect last
checkpoint LSN offset in our calculations. Bug fixed :bug:`1497912`.

Fixed false positive error: ``The log was not applied to the intended LSN``
which was happening even when the redo log was applied correctly. Bug fixed
:bug:`1505017`.

:file:`xtrabackup_logfile` was not compressed when :option:`xtrabackup --compress`
was used. Bug fixed :bug:`1242309`.

|innobackupex| wrote error message to ``STDOUT`` instead of ``STDIN`` which
broke xbstream and tar stream. Bug fixed :bug:`1503964`.

Incremental backups did not work with |MariaDB| below 10.1.6. Bug fixed
:bug:`1505865`.

Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1493015`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.13 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.13>`_ at
Launchpad. Bugs can be reported on the `launchpad bug tracker
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+filebug>`_.
