==========================
|Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.3
==========================

Percona is glad to announce the release of |Percona XtraBackup| 2.2.3 on June
12th 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/2.2.2/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

This release is the first GA (Generally Available) stable release in the 2.2
series.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 Fixed the |InnoDB| redo log incompatibility with 5.1/5.5 server and compressed
 tables which was introduced by the upstream fix in |MySQL| 5.6.11 that could
 make |InnoDB| crash on recovery when replaying redo logs created on earlier
 versions. Bug fixed :bug:`1255476`.

 |Percona XtraBackup| did not flush the |InnoDB| REDO log buffer before
 finalizing the log copy. This would only become a problem when the binary log
 coordinates were used after restoring from a backup: the actual data files
 state after recovery could be inconsistent with the binary log coordinates.
 Bug fixed :bug:`1320685`.

 |innobackupex| now sets ``wsrep_causal_reads`` to ``0`` before executing
 ``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK`` if the server is a member of the Galera
 cluster. Bug fixed :bug:`1320441`.

 :file:`storage/innobase/xtrabackup/CMakeLists.txt` now honors the
 ``XB_DISTRIBUTION`` environment variable when configuring ``innobackupex.pl``
 to |innobackupex|. Bug fixed :bug:`1320856`.

 When `backup locks
 <http://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/5.6/management/backup_locks.html>`_
 are used, ``xtrabackup_slave_info`` should be written under ``BINLOG`` lock
 instead of ``TABLE`` lock. Bug fixed :bug:`1328532`.

 Other bugs fixed: :bug:`1318540`.

All of Percona's software is open-source and free, all the details of the
release can be found in the `2.2.3 milestone
<https://launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+milestone/2.2.3-ga>`_ at Launchpad.
