.. _rn.8-0-7:

================================================================================
|pxb.name| |release|
================================================================================

|percona| is glad to announce the release of |pxb.name| |release| on |date|.
Downloads are available from our `download site
<https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-LATEST/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

|pxb.name| enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries, making it ideal
for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications that cannot
tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source solution, it
drives down backup costs while providing unique features for |MySQL| backups.

In release |release|, |pxb.name| enables making backups of databases
that contain the `encrypted system tablespace
<https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-server/8.0/security/data-at-rest-encryption.html#data-at-rest-encryption>`_.
Encrypted `mysql` tablespace is now also supported.

|pxb.name| |release| implements the support of the ``lz4`` compression algorithm
so that you could make compressed backups using `lz4`
(`--compress=lz4`) in addition to the default `quicklz` method.

All |percona| software is open-source and free.

New Features and Improvements
================================================================================

- Add support of the system tablespace encryption. More information in
  :jirabug:`PXB-1649`.
- Implemented the support of the `lz4` compression algorithm. More information
  in :jirabug:`PXB-1857`.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

- When the *encrypted tablespaces* feature was enabled, encrypted and compressed
  tables were not usable on the joiner node (Percona XtraDB Cluster) via SST
  (State Snapshot Transfer) with the `xtrabackup-v2` method. Bug fixed
  :jirabug:`PXB-1867`.
- ``xbcloud`` did not update date related fields of the HTTP header when
  retrying a request. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1874`.
- ``xbcloud`` did not retry to send the request after receiving the HTTP 408
  error (request timeout). Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1875`.
- ``xtrabackup`` did not accept decimal fractions as values of the
  ``innodb_max_dirty_pages_pct`` option. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1807`.
- If the user tried to merge an already prepared incremental backup, a
  misleading error was produced without informing that incremental backups may
  not be used twice. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1862`.

**Other bugs fixed:**
:jirabug:`PXB-1493`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1557`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1887`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1870`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1879`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1901`.

.. |percona| replace:: Percona
.. |pxb.name| replace:: Percona XtraBackup
.. |date| replace:: August 7, 2019
.. |release| replace:: 8.0.7
