.. _rn.8-0-8:

================================================================================
Percona XtraBackup 8.0.8
================================================================================

*Percona* is glad to announce the release of Percona XtraBackup 8.0.8 on November 21, 2019.
Downloads are available from our `download site
<https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-LATEST/>`_ and from
:ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

Percona XtraBackup enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries, making it ideal
for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications that cannot
tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source solution, it
drives down backup costs while providing unique features for *MySQL* backups.

All *Percona* software is open-source and free.

New Features and Improvements
================================================================================

- Support log archiving feature in PXB 8.0. More information in
  :jirabug:`PXB-1912` and in the `Redo Log section of MySQL documentation
  <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/innodb-redo-log.html>`_
- For the MyRocks storage engine, support the creation of renewable checkpoints
  (controlled via :option:`--rocksdb-checkpoint-max-age` and
  :option:`--rocksdb-checkpoint-max-count`) to minimize the amount of binary
  logs to apply after the backup was completed. Using renewable checkpoints,
  Percona XtraBackup only copies the SST files that were created after the previous
  checkpoint. More information in :jirabug:`PXB-1915`.
- Two options (`–-backup-lock-timeout` and `-–backup-lock-retry-count`) were
  added to enable the configuring of the timeout for acquiring metadata locks in
  ``FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK``, ``LOCK TABLE FOR BACKUP``, and ``LOCK BINLOG
  FOR BACKUP`` statements. More information in :jirabug:`PXB-1914`

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

- An encrypted table could not be restored when ``ADD INDEX`` or ``DROP INDEX``
  commands had been run on the table. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1905`
- In some cases ``xtrabackup --prepare`` could fail to decrypt a table but
  reported that the operation completed ok. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1936`
- ``xtrabackup --move-back`` did not complete successfully when the encrypted
  binlog file. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1937`.
-  Percona XtraBackup could crash during the prepare stage when making an incremental
  backup when a multi valued index was being added or dropped for JSON
  data. Bug fixed :jirabug:`PXB-1913`.

**Other bugs fixed:**
:jirabug:`PXB-1928`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1938`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1951`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1953`,
:jirabug:`PXB-1954`.


