.. _rn.8-0-4:

================================================================================
*Percona XtraBackup* 8.0.4
================================================================================

*Percona* is glad to announce the release of *Percona XtraBackup* 8.0.4 on December 10, 2018.
Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-8.0.4/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

*Percona XtraBackup* enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries, making
it ideal for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications
that cannot tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source
solution, it drives down backup costs while providing unique features for
*MySQL* backups.

This release of Percona Xtrabackup is a **General Availability** release ready
for use in a production environment.

.. rubric:: Please note the following about this release:

- The deprecated innobackupex has been removed. Use the xtrabackup command to
  back up your instances: ``$ xtrabackup --backup --target-dir=/data/backup``
- When migrating from earlier database server versions, `backup and restore and
  using Percona XtraBackup 2.4
  <https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-xtrabackup/2.4/how-tos.html#recipes-for-xtrabackup>`_
  and then use ``mysql_upgrade`` from *MySQL* 8.0.x
- If using ``yum`` or ``apt`` repositories to install *Percona XtraBackup* 8.0.4, ensure
  that you have enabled the new `tools` repository. You can do this with the
  :program:`percona-release enable tools release` command and then install the
  `percona-xtrabackup-80` package.

All Percona software is open-source and free. We are grateful to the community
for the invaluable contributions to *Percona XtraBackup*. We would especially
like to highlight the input of *Alexey Kopytov* who has been actively offering
improvements and submitting bug reports for *Percona XtraBackup*.


New Features
================================================================================

- *Percona XtraBackup* 8.0.4 is based on *MySQL* 8.0.13 and fully supports
  Percona Server for *MySQL* 8.0 series and *MySQL* 8.0 series.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

- :jirabug:`PXB-1699`: `xtrabackup --prepare` could fail on backups of MySQL 8.0.13 databases
- :jirabug:`PXB-1704`: `xtrabackup --prepare` could hang while performing insert buffer merge
- :jirabug:`PXB-1668`: When the `--throttle` option was used, the applied value was different from the one specified by the user (off by one error)
- :jirabug:`PXB-1679`: PXB could crash when ``ALTER TABLE ... TRUNCATE PARTITION`` command was run during a backup without locking DDL


