.. _rn.8-0-5:

================================================================================
|pxb.name| |release|
================================================================================

|percona| is glad to announce the release of |pxb.name| |release| on |date|.
Downloads are available from our `download site
<http://www.percona.com/downloads/XtraBackup/Percona-XtraBackup-8.0.5/>`_ and
from :ref:`apt <apt_repo>` and :ref:`yum <yum_repo>` repositories.

|Percona XtraBackup| enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries, making
it ideal for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications
that cannot tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source
solution, it drives down backup costs while providing unique features for
|MySQL| backups.

|pxb.name| |release| introduces the support of undo tablespaces created using
the new syntax (``CREATE UNDO TABLESPACE``) `available since MySQL 8.0.14
<https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/create-tablespace.html>`_. |pxb.name|
also supports the binary log encryption introduced in |MySQL| 8.0.14.

Two new options were added to |xbstream|. Use the
:option:`--decompress` option with |xbstream| to decompress individual qpress
files. With the :option:`--decompress-threads` option, specify the
number of threads to apply when decompressing. Thanks to `Rauli Ikonen
<https://github.com/rikonen>`_ for this contribution.



This release of |pxb.name| is a **General Availability** release ready for use
in a production environment.

All Percona software is open-source and free.

.. rubric:: Please note the following about this release:

- The deprecated innobackupex has been removed. Use the xtrabackup command to
  back up your instances: ``$ xtrabackup --backup --target-dir=/data/backup``
- When migrating from earlier database server versions, `backup and restore and
  using Percona XtraBackup 2.4
  <https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-xtrabackup/2.4/how-tos.html#recipes-for-xtrabackup>`_
  and then use ``mysql_upgrade`` from |MySQL| 8.0.x
- If using ``yum`` or ``apt`` repositories to install |Percona Xtrabackup| |release|, ensure
  that you have enabled the new `tools` repository. You can do this with the
  :program:`percona-release enable tools release` command and then install the
  `percona-xtrabackup-80` package.


New Features
================================================================================

- :jirabug:`1548`: |pxb.name| enables updating the :file:`ib_buffer_pool` file
  with the latest pages present in the buffer pool using the
  :option:`--dump-innodb-buffer-pool` option. Thanks to Marcelo Altmann for
  contribution.
- :jirabug:`1768`: Added support for undo tablespaces created with the new
  |MySQL| 8.0.14 syntax.
- :jirabug:`1781`: Added support for binary log encryption introduced
  in |MySQL| 8.0.14.
- :jirabug:`1797`: For |xbstream|, two new options were added. The
  :option:`--decompress` option enables |xbstream| to decompress
  individual qpress files. The :option:`--decompress-threads` option
  controls the number of threads to apply when decompressing. Thanks to
  `Rauli Ikonen <https://github.com/rikonen>`_ for this contribution.

Bugs Fixed
================================================================================

- Using ``--lock-ddl-per-table`` caused the server to scan all records of
  partitioned tables which could lead to the "out of memory" error. Bugs fixed
  :jirabug:`1691` and :jirabug:`1698`.
- When |pxb.name| was started run with the :option:`--slave-info`, incorrect
  coordinates were written to the xtrabackup_slave_info file.. Bug fixed :jirabug:`1737`
- |pxb.name| could crash at the prepare stage when making an
  incremental backup if the variable ``innodb-rollback-segments`` was
  changed after starting the |MySQL| Server. Bug fixed
  :jirabug:`1785`.
- The full backup could fail when |Percona Server| was started with the ``--innodb-encrypt-tables``
  parameter. Bug fixed :jirabug:`1793`.

Other bugs fixed: :jirabug:`1632`, :jirabug:`1715`, :jirabug:`1770`, :jirabug:`1771`, :jirabug:`1773`.

.. |percona| replace:: Percona
.. |pxb.name| replace:: Percona XtraBackup
.. |date| replace:: March 4, 2019
.. |release| replace:: 8.0.5
