doc/source/xtrabackup_bin/compact_backups.rst, before:

.. _compact_backups:

=================
 Compact Backups
=================

When doing the backup of |InnoDB| tables it's possible to omit the secondary index pages. This will make the backups more compact and this way they will take less space on disk. The downside of this is that the backup prepare process takes longer as those secondary indexes need to be recreated. Difference in backup size depends on the size of the secondary indexes. 

For example full backup taken without and with the :option:`--compact` option: ::

  #backup size without --compact 
  2.0G	xb_backup

  #backup size taken with --compact option
  1.4G	xb_compact_backup

.. note::  
  Compact backups are not supported for system table space, so in order to work correctly :option:`innodb-file-per-table` option should be enabled.

This feature was introduced in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.

Creating Compact Backups
========================

To make a compact backup innobackupex needs to be started with the :option:`--compact` option: ::

  $ xtrabackup --backup --compact --target-dir=/data/backups

This will create a compact backup in the :file:`/data/backups`.

If you check at the :file:`xtrabackup-checkpoints` file in the ``target-dir`` folder, you should see something like::

  backup_type = full-backuped
  from_lsn = 0
  to_lsn = 2888984349
  last_lsn = 2888984349
  compact = 1

When :option:`--compact` wasn't used ``compact`` value will be ``0``. This way it's easy to check if the backup contains the secondary index pages or not.

Preparing Compact Backups
=========================

Preparing the compact require rebuilding the indexes as well. In order to prepare the backup a new option :option:`--rebuild-indexes` should be used with :option:`--apply-logs`: :: 

  $ xtrabackup --prepare --rebuild-indexes /data/backups/

Output, beside the standard |innobackupex| output, should contain the information about indexes being rebuilt, like: ::

  130201 10:40:20  InnoDB: Waiting for the background threads to start
  Rebuilding indexes for table sbtest/sbtest1 (space id: 10)
    Found index k_1
    Dropping 1 index(es).
    Rebuilding 1 index(es).
  Rebuilding indexes for table sbtest/sbtest2 (space id: 11)
    Found index k_1
    Found index c
    Found index k
    Found index c_2
    Dropping 4 index(es).
    Rebuilding 4 index(es).

Since |XtraBackup| has no information when applying an incremental backup to a compact full one, on whether there will be more incremental backups applied to it later or not, rebuilding indexes needs to be explicitly requested by a user whenever a full backup with some incremental backups merged is ready to be restored. Rebuilding indexes unconditionally on every incremental backup merge is not an option, since it is an expensive operation.

Restoring Compact Backups
=========================

The |xtrabackup| binary does not have any functionality for restoring a backup. That is up to the user to do. You might use :program:`rsync` or :program:`cp` to restore the files. You should check that the restored files have the correct ownership and permissions.

Other Reading
=============

* `Feature preview: Compact backups in Percona XtraBackup <http://www.mysqlperformanceblog.com/2013/01/29/feature-preview-compact-backups-in-percona-xtrabackup/>`_

Commit message:

Implementation of https://blueprints.launchpad.net/percona-xtrabackup/+spec/parallel-table-rebuild
Add a new option to innobackupex/xtrabackup called --rebuild-threads
with the default value 1. The option specifies the number of threads
started by XtraBackup when rebuilding secondary indexes on --apply-log
--rebuild-indexes. Each thread rebuilds indexes for a single .ibd
tablespace at a time.

UNIV_LIST_DEBUG had to be removed from debug flags for non-5.6 build
configurations, as the UNIV_LIST_DEBUG implementation of
UT_LIST_REMOVE_CLEAR in 5.5- is not C++ compatible.

doc/source/xtrabackup_bin/compact_backups.rst, after:

.. _compact_backups:

=================
 Compact Backups
=================

When doing the backup of |InnoDB| tables it's possible to omit the secondary index pages. This will make the backups more compact and this way they will take less space on disk. The downside of this is that the backup prepare process takes longer as those secondary indexes need to be recreated. Difference in backup size depends on the size of the secondary indexes. 

For example full backup taken without and with the :option:`--compact` option: ::

  #backup size without --compact 
  2.0G	xb_backup

  #backup size taken with --compact option
  1.4G	xb_compact_backup

.. note::  
  Compact backups are not supported for system table space, so in order to work correctly :option:`innodb-file-per-table` option should be enabled.

This feature was introduced in |Percona XtraBackup| 2.1.

Creating Compact Backups
========================

To make a compact backup innobackupex needs to be started with the :option:`--compact` option: ::

  $ xtrabackup --backup --compact --target-dir=/data/backups

This will create a compact backup in the :file:`/data/backups`.

If you check at the :file:`xtrabackup-checkpoints` file in the ``target-dir`` folder, you should see something like::

  backup_type = full-backuped
  from_lsn = 0
  to_lsn = 2888984349
  last_lsn = 2888984349
  compact = 1

When :option:`--compact` wasn't used ``compact`` value will be ``0``. This way it's easy to check if the backup contains the secondary index pages or not.

Preparing Compact Backups
=========================

Preparing the compact require rebuilding the indexes as well. In order to prepare the backup a new option :option:`--rebuild-indexes` should be used with :option:`--apply-logs`: :: 

  $ xtrabackup --prepare --rebuild-indexes /data/backups/

Output, beside the standard |innobackupex| output, should contain the information about indexes being rebuilt, like: ::

  [01] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/city (space id: 9)
  [01]   Found index idx_fk_country_id
  [01]   Rebuilding 1 index(es).
  [01] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/country (space id: 10)
  [01] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/customer (space id: 11)
  [01]   Found index idx_fk_store_id
  [01]   Found index idx_fk_address_id
  [01]   Found index idx_last_name
  [01]   Rebuilding 3 index(es).

Additionally, you can use the :option:`--rebuild-threads` option to process tables in multiple threads when rebuilding indexes, e.g.: ::

  $ xtrabackup --prepare --rebuild-indexes --rebuild-threads=16 /data/backups/

In this case |XtraBackup| will create 16 worker threads with each thread rebuilding indexes for one table at a time. It will also show thread IDs for each message ::

  Starting 16 threads to rebuild indexes.

  [09] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/city (space id: 9)
  [09]   Found index idx_fk_country_id
  [10] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/country (space id: 10)
  [11] Checking if there are indexes to rebuild in table sakila/customer (space id: 11)
  [11]   Found index idx_fk_store_id
  [11]   Found index idx_fk_address_id
  [11]   Found index idx_last_name
  [11]   Rebuilding 3 index(es).

Since |XtraBackup| has no information when applying an incremental backup to a compact full one, on whether there will be more incremental backups applied to it later or not, rebuilding indexes needs to be explicitly requested by a user whenever a full backup with some incremental backups merged is ready to be restored. Rebuilding indexes unconditionally on every incremental backup merge is not an option, since it is an expensive operation.

Restoring Compact Backups
=========================

The |xtrabackup| binary does not have any functionality for restoring a backup. That is up to the user to do. You might use :program:`rsync` or :program:`cp` to restore the files. You should check that the restored files have the correct ownership and permissions.

Other Reading
=============

* `Feature preview: Compact backups in Percona XtraBackup <http://www.mysqlperformanceblog.com/2013/01/29/feature-preview-compact-backups-in-percona-xtrabackup/>`_
