doc/source/howtos/recipes_ibkx_stream.rst, before:

=========================
 Make a Streaming Backup
=========================

Stream mode sends the backup to STDOUT in tar format instead of copying it to the directory named by the first argument. You can pipe the output to gzip, or across the network to another server.

To extract the resulting tar file, you must use the -i option, such as tar -ixvf backup.tar.

Here are some examples.

.. code-block:: console

  ## Stream the backup into a tar archived named 'backup.tar'
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ > backup.tar

  ## The same, but compress it
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | gzip - > backup.tar.gz

  ## Send it to another server instead of storing it locally
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | ssh user@desthost "cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar"

  ## The same thing with ''netcat'' (faster).  On the destination host:
  nc -l 9999 | cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar
  ## On the source host:
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | nc desthost 9999

  ## The same thing, but done as a one-liner:
  ssh user@desthost "( nc -l 9999 > /data/backups/backup.tar & )" \
  && innobackupex --stream=tar ./  |  nc desthost 9999

  ## Throttle the throughput to 10MB/sec.  Requires the 'pv' tools; you
  ## can find them at http://www.ivarch.com/programs/quickref/pv.shtml
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | pv -q -L10m \
  | ssh user@desthost "cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar"

Commit message:

Made emphasis on using the -i option in streaming backups recipe

doc/source/howtos/recipes_ibkx_stream.rst, after:

=========================
 Make a Streaming Backup
=========================

Stream mode sends the backup to ``STDOUT`` in tar format instead of copying it to the directory named by the first argument. You can pipe the output to :command:`gzip`, or across the network to another server.

To extract the resulting tar file, you **must** use the ``-i`` option, such as ``tar -ixvf backup.tar``.

.. warning:: Remember to use the ``-i`` option for extracting a tarred backup. For more information, see :doc:`../innobackupex/streaming_backups_innobackupex`.

Here are some examples:

.. code-block:: console

  ## Stream the backup into a tar archived named 'backup.tar'
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ > backup.tar

  ## The same, but compress it
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | gzip - > backup.tar.gz

  ## Send it to another server instead of storing it locally
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | ssh user@desthost "cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar"

  ## The same thing with ''netcat'' (faster).  On the destination host:
  nc -l 9999 | cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar
  ## On the source host:
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | nc desthost 9999

  ## The same thing, but done as a one-liner:
  ssh user@desthost "( nc -l 9999 > /data/backups/backup.tar & )" \
  && innobackupex --stream=tar ./  |  nc desthost 9999

  ## Throttle the throughput to 10MB/sec.  Requires the 'pv' tools; you
  ## can find them at http://www.ivarch.com/programs/quickref/pv.shtml
  innobackupex --stream=tar ./ | pv -q -L10m \
  | ssh user@desthost "cat - > /data/backups/backup.tar"
